---
title: 2016
date: 2017-04-02 15:59:34
photos:
- vancouver_fog.jpg
tags:
- photos
- year
---
A year of photos
<!-- More -->

### Vancouver
Started the year here as I usually do. Just some left-over Christmas lights on a foggy night.

{% img_unveil vancouver_fog.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### Castle Rock
Hiking among the trees. The fog adds a cool effect.

{% img_unveil castlerock.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### San Francisco
Went on a bridge to bridge boat ride with my parents. It was quite windy, but we got to see both the Golden Gate and Bay bridge from the water. Here's the California flag.

{% img_unveil sf_california_flag.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### Las Vegas
Some of the neon lights on the strip. I did not stay at the Flamingo. I did stay at Paris for a couple nights. Also stayed at Caesars, but no photos of that.

| | |
|-|-|
| {% img_unveil vegas_flamingo.jpg %} | {% img_unveil vegas_paris.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Grand Canyon
Made a quick stop here to see the sun set.

{% img_unveil grandcanyon_gradient.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### Lower Antelope Canyon
One of the most photographed place in the world. I was too late in booking a tour to the Upper Canyon, but I felt that the Lower Canyon satisfied my curiosity.

{% img_unveil antelope_slant.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### Sydney
 My trip to Australia started out in Sydney and I learned quickly that Australians really like their espresso. While here, I actually went to the Opera House for a Beethoven symphony, and then proceeded to fall asleep mid way through. Could not evaluate with my untrained ear so I recommend you checking it out for yourself.

{% img_unveil sydney_opera.jpg %}

| | | |
|-|-|-|
| {% img_unveil sydney_gumption.jpg %} | {% img_unveil sydney_door.jpg %} | {% img_unveil sydney_tankstream.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Blue Mountain
Expensive coffee does not come from here.

| | |
|-|-|
| {% img_unveil bluemountain_dudes.jpg %} | {% img_unveil bluemountain_side.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Bondi Beach
It's crazy how there's a world class beach right next to the city. I'm usually accustomed to beaches being next to resorts, and if they are close to the city it's usually not _this_ clean.

{% img_unveil bondi_fishing.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### Manley Beach
Bondi was much better. The ferry ride was cool though.

| | |
|-|-|
| {% img_unveil manley_beach.jpg %} | {% img_unveil manley_ferry.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Melbourne
Hosier Lane, one of the many streets in Melbourne for street art. There's also a zoo and a lot of coffee shops. Melbourne had a really _cool_ vibe to it, wouldn't mind coming back here to hang out.

{% img_unveil melbourne_graffiti.jpg %}

| | | |
|-|-|-|
| {% img_unveil melbourne_coffee.jpg %} | {% img_unveil melbourne_zoo.jpg %} | {% img_unveil melbourne_smoker.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Tangalooma
Some resort where people can feed dolphins at night by hand. Unfortunately, a storm appeared :disappointed:. We ended up feeding the dolphins by throwing fish from the port as opposed being up close and personal. Also missed out on the main attraction: petting the wild dolphins by hand.

| | |
|-|-|
| {% img_unveil tangalooma_boat.jpg %} | {% img_unveil tangalooma_seagulls.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Cairns
Got to scuba-dive and snorkel in the Great Barrier Reef. The crew that brought us there is pictured. Also checked out the Daintree Cape Tribulation Rainforest which was pretty cool.

{% img_unveil cairns_boat.jpg %}

| | |
|-|-|
| {% img_unveil cairns_cafe.jpg %} | {% img_unveil cairns_rainforest.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Tsukiji
Finally got to come here before they tear it down. We failed to make it to the auction, but got to eat some sushi when the market opened. Probably the only sushi place where you can find foreigners from around the world lining up for 3+ hours to get some sushi at 4 am. We went to Daiwa instead of Sushi Dai (the more popular place), so our wait was _only_ around an hour at 5 am.

{% img_unveil tokyo_tsukiji_shop.jpg %}

| | | |
|-|-|-|
| {% img_unveil tokyo_daiwa.jpg %} | {% img_unveil tokyo_tsukiji_tunahead.jpg %} | {% img_unveil tokyo_tsukiji_waiting.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### DisneySeas
Japanese people really like dressing up. Either that or it just so happened to be the week of Halloween. Tip: The popcorn stands were amazing here.

{% img_unveil disneyseas_kid.jpg %}

| | | |
|-|-|-|
| {% img_unveil disneyseas_building.jpg %} | {% img_unveil disneyseas_mobile.jpg %} | {% img_unveil disneyseas_globe.jpg %}

&nbsp;
### Tokyo

The city of all cities. Eat, shop, explore to your heart's content. The best part about Tokyo for me is that it has very distinct neighbourhoods that have their own mini-cultures. Probably still the most photogenic city I've ever been to. My favourite photo I took in 2016 is probably this _No Smoking_ sign near Meiji Shrine.

{% img_unveil tokyo_nosmoking.jpg %}

| | |
|-|-|
| {% img_unveil tokyo_shibuya.jpg %} | {% img_unveil tokyo_alley.jpg %}

| | | |
|-|-|-|
| {% img_unveil tokyo_shabu.jpg %} | {% img_unveil tokyo_rosecafe.jpg %} | {% img_unveil tokyo_ramen_afuri.jpg %} |

&nbsp;
### Vancouver
Came back home for the holidays and got to check out the Festival of Lights.

{% img_unveil vancouver_festival.jpg %}
