---
title: 2017
photos:
- vancouver-snow-tree.jpg
tags:
- photos
- year
excerpt: A year of photos
date: 2017-12-12 02:08:15
---
This year I edited some photos and tried out some film. I think I like them both. Unfortunately none of the photos here are in film, however some are edited. I'll post about film some other time. I ordered the below cities in the timeline I visited them throughout the year 2017. 

### Vancouver

It snowed on New Years Day and I took a stroll around the neighbourhood to snap some pictures. I've come to really miss snow. It's not like it snowed that much when I was in Vancouver, but I guess it just doesn't snow at all where I live now. 

{% photo_grid %}
vancouver-snow-tree.jpg 2
vancouver-snow-street.jpg 1|vancouver-snow-fence.jpg 1
{% endphoto_grid %}

### Santa Cruz

To be honest, I'm not much of a beach person, so I find this place kind of meh. But I somehow always end up checking out the seals under the docks when I am here. If you are lucky (or even care) you might be able to spot some dolphins. 

{% img_unveil santa-cruz-seals.jpg  %}

## San Francisco

One of the first things I was told when I arrived was to not refer to San Francisco as "San Francisco" since that's a tourist thing. Either "The City" or "SF" is the way to go. And recently I learned that "San Fran" is definitely not the way to go.

{% img_unveil sf-buildings.jpg %}

### London

I recommend the British Museum if you visit. Can't really recommend Morton Hotel since I didn't stay there. But something about that building just felt very "English" to me when I saw it. Maybe it's the red bricks. I took some more photos around London in an earlier {% post_link london post %}.

{% photo_grid %}
london-square.jpg 2
london-alley.jpg 1|morton-hotel.jpg 1
{% endphoto_grid %}

### New York

It rained really hard during my {% post_link newyork-sights visit %}. The picture below occurred right when the rain stopped and the sun started setting. I also got the chance to visit my favorite steak spot {% post_link peterluger here %}. Technically in Brooklyn, but yeah.

{% img_unveil ny-rain.jpg %}

### Portland

Donuts, coffee, and beer. Repeat. That's what I recall from my visit here. And no taxes. My favorite shot I took was of the record store we stumbled into. 

{% img_unveil portland-record-store.jpg %}

### Seattle

I don't really have much to say here. It's like the American version of Vancouver. I come to Seattle every now and then for work; it's a chill place to hang out.

{% photo_grid %}
seattle-space-needle.jpg 2
seattle-public-market.jpg 1|seattle-street-intersection.jpg 1
{% endphoto_grid %}

### Amsterdam

I realized I didn't take much photos here. Or at least not specifically in Amsterdam; I did in __Zaanse Schans__. So here's a photo of a Donald Trump duck and some _stroopwafel_. The fact that I don't have much photos worth sharing was probably had something to do with us getting some 🌿 in the form of a 🌌🍰.

{% photo_grid %}
trump-duc.jpg 1|stroopwafel.jpg 1
{% endphoto_grid %}

#### Zaanse Schans

Windmills galore. I realized I never really understood how windmills operated until I entered one; it's pretty neat. There's also a neighborhood here that has some pretty classic looking houses. Also, did you know Miffy originated from a Dutch artist/writer? I didn't.

{% photo_grid %}
zaanse_schans_windmill.jpg 1|zaanse_schans_house.jpg 1
zaanse_schans_miffy.jpg 2
{% endphoto_grid %}

### Berlin

#### Holocaust Memorial

{% img_unveil holocaust_memorial.jpg %}

I didn't know what to expect out of Berlin. My only knowledge of this place from a historical standpoint was the role it played during WW2. So I defintely had to check out the Holocaust Memorial which I thought was done really well. 

#### 🇩🇪

And after that, it was the Berlin Wall. It's always intersting to read back on what happened in the past as it makes us all think about how different society is now, or in some cases not that different. I should say though, this photo collection doesn't really highlight the awesomeness that is Berlin as it's quite a vibrant and international city; I just don't have photos worth sharing that capture that aspect.

{% photo_grid %}
berlin-government.jpg 2
berlin-wall.jpg 1|berlin-wall-memorial.jpg 1
{% endphoto_grid %}



### Bay Area

This is a palm tree I always see when I leave for work and come back home. It's on the property where the aparatment I live in is located. It kind of blows my mind that there's a palm tree sometimes since I'm from a place that doesn't have any. 

{% img_unveil palm-tree.jpg %}

#### 🐟

Skewers found at Chef Yang's in Cupertino. Picture below is of a BBQ pollock.

{% img_unveil chef-yang-fish.jpg %}
